[bug-fix] Make StatsReporter thread-safe (#4201)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: com.unity.ml-agents/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an error when setting `initialize_from` in the trainer confiiguration YAML to
`null`. (#4175)
- Fixed issue with FoodCollector, Soccer, and WallJump when playing with keyboard. (#4147, #4174)

> - Fixed a crash in StatsReporter when using threaded trainers with very frequent summary writes
> (#4201)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a rare crash in StatsReporter when using threaded trainers (#4201)
```
Very frequent summary writes weren't a requirement for the crash, it just increased the probability enough so that we could reproduce it reliably.
